September NUbook Update (#66)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/01-team/01-introduction/01-introduction-to-nubots.mdx

The team is led and supported by academics and student team leaders.

> - **Associate Professor Stephan Chalup** (Computer Science and Engineering) - Head of the Robotics Lab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Associate Professor Stephan Chalup** (Computer Science and Engineering) - Head of the Newcastle Robotics Lab and NUbots
```

> - **Dr. Alexandre Mendes** (Computer Science and Software Engineering) - Deputy Team Leader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dr. Alexandre Mendes** (Computer Science and Software Engineering) - Deputy Head of NUbots
```
